https://www.codingame.com/training/easy/tbr-out-of-control

Goal
Clara loves books but she buys books faster than she can read them. Her bookshelf is filled with books and there is no more space available.
On her bookshelf Clara has books she hasn't read yet (her TBR pile: to be read) and books she has already read.
She ranks her book from 0 to 10, with 0 meaning she hates the book and 10 meaning she loves the book. If the book is part of her TBR, the rank is None.

Unfortunately, she has bought a few more books and needs to find a place for them. Write a code to help her !
Be careful, sometimes Clara forgets she already has a book and gets a duplicate!!!

To get some space, Clara set some rules:
- All her new books need to find a place on her shelf (even if she already has it and doesn't like it)
- She should keep her favorite book(s), the one that has/those that share the highest ranking
- She should keep her TBR books
- She doesn't want to have duplicates on her bookshelf
To do so:
- She removes her least favorite books first, i.e. smallest ranking as well as the duplicate(s) on her bookshelf before adding the new books (duplicates included)
- When she removes a book from her bookshelf, all the books with the same ranking will be removed! Even if it means after the cleaning her bookshelf has some free space

Given the titles of the b books (title) she bought and the N books composing her bookshelf (name rank), find out if she can fit her new books on her shelf.

If she can do so, print her bookshelf ordered in alphabetical order.
If she can't, print Your TBR is out of control Clara!

PS: We consider all the books the same size

Input
Line 1 : An integer b the number of new books
Next b lines: A string title the title of one of her new books
Next line : An integer N for the number of books in her bookshelf
Next N lines : a string name rank for the name and the rank of a book separated by a space, name may contain space characters. rank is always an integer or None.

Output
At most N lines : the books composing her bookshelf ordered by alphabetical order (one book per line)
or
1 line : Your TBR is out of control Clara!

Constraints
0<=rank<=10 or None
