https://www.codingame.com/training/easy/cubic-bezier-curves

Goal
Bézier curves are used everywhere in computer design because they are handy and easy to use, but they are also easy to calculate!

Your task is to draw a Bézier curve using ASCII characters: To create a cubic Bézier curve, you need a starting point A (Ax, Ay), 
two control points B (Bx, By) and C (Cx, Cy) and an ending point D (Dx, Dy). 
Then, you have to perform some linear interpolations:
Interpolate A and B to get one point AB (and repeat for BC and CD).
Interpolate AB and BC to get one point ABC (and repeat for BCD).
Interpolate ABC and BCD to get one point of the Bézier curve.

The formula to perform a linear interpolation "I" given 2 points P,Q and one weight t is: I=P*(1-t) + Q*t.

Since the curve could have infinite resolution, we provide the amount of interpolation steps that have to be used. For example, if there are 3 steps, 
you will have to calculate the points for the weights of 0, 0.5 and 1 (since the interpolation weights can range from 0 to 1, 0 being the starting point and 1 being the ending point).

The width and height of the canvas are also provided. The origin (0, 0) is always the bottom-left corner and 
the coordinates are positive integers between [0, width-1] for X and [0, height-1] for Y.

For each of the height lines, you'll need to print:
-A point "." as the first character.
-"#" at every coordinate where there is a point of the curve. If it coincides with a reference point ".", "#" has more preference. 
Multiple curve points could fall on the same coordinate (they would be represented still as a "#"). 
The coordinates of the points of the curve are the rounded integers of the last interpolation results (0.5 is always rounded to the higher integer).
-Blank spaces " " to separate all the characters (as many as needed). Don't add extra spaces after the last curve (or reference) point!

Input
Line 1: The size of the canvas width, height.
Line 2: The number of interpolation steps.
Line 3: Starting point Ax, Ay.
Line 4: Control point Bx, By.
Line 5: Control point Cx, Cy.
Line 6: Ending point Dx, Dy.

Output
height lines of length width to represent the canvas.

Constraints
10 ≤ width,height ≤ 50
2 ≤ steps ≤ 100
0 ≤ Ax,Bx,Cx,Dx < width
0 ≤ Ay,By,Cy,Dy < height
