https://www.codingame.com/training/expert/shadows-of-the-knight-episode-2

 The Goal
Due to the new heat cloak shielding the bombs, the device can no longer provide the direction of the bombs! It can only indicate whether you are getting closer or further away from the bombs.
  Rules
After each jump, the upgraded device will now provide you with the following information code:

    COLDER You are further away from the bombs than you were before jumping
    WARMER You are closer to the bombs than you were before jumping
    SAME You are at the same distance from the bombs as you were before jumping
    UNKNOWN The device cannot provide you with any information: only happens before the first jump

The Euclidean distance is used for the measurements of the distance to the bombs:
https://www.codingame.com/fileservlet?id=1459932446290

As for the previous question your mission is to program the device so that it indicates the location of the next window you should jump to in order to reach the bombs' room as soon as possible.

Buildings are represented as a rectangular array of windows, the window in the top left corner of the building is at index (0,0).

Game Input
The program must first read the initialization data from standard input. Then, within an infinite loop, read the device data from the standard input and provide to the standard output the next movement instruction.
Initialization input

Line 1 : 2 integers W H. The (W, H) couple represents the width and height of the building as a number of windows.

Line 2 : 1 integer N, which represents the number of jumps you can make before the bombs go off.

Line 3 : 2 integers X0 Y0, representing your starting position.

Input for one game turn
A single line providing the device code: COLDER WARMER SAME or UNKNOWN

Output for one game turn
A single line with 2 integers X Y separated by a space character. (X, Y) represents the location of the next window you should jump to. X represents the index along the horizontal axis, Y represents the index along the vertical axis. (0,0) is located in the top-left corner of the building.

Constraints
1 ≤ W ≤ 10000
5 ≤ H ≤ 10000
2 ≤ N ≤ 100
0 ≤ X, X0 < W
0 ≤ Y, Y0 < H
Response time per turn ≤ 150ms
