https://www.codingame.com/training/easy/tabloid-couple-names

Goal
When two famous people get together and form a romantic couple, the Tabloids love to write about them and their adventures, scandals, and relationship drama.


The reporters combine (smoosh) their two individual names together to create a Couple-Name -- just for fun and to make it easier to write about them. Examples:

💕 Ben + Jennifer = Bennifer
💕 Brad + Angelina = Brangelina
💕 Heidi + Spencer = Speidi


Given the following rules, print out options for each couple.

RULES:
The overall process is:
Smoosh a left-substring (or whole name) of one person together with a right-substring (or whole name) of the other person, 
in such a way that there is at least 1 overlapping-letter (aka shared letter, aka common letter).
➤ Comparisons aren't case-sensitive.
➤ No spelling changes other than “sub-stringing”
➤ Must contain at least one letter from each person, that isn't part of the overlapping-letter(s).
➤ Must not be shorter than the shortest individual-name.
➤ Cannot be the same as either of the individual names because that's just silly

Only Max Overlapping:
➤ Include only Couple-Names with the most overlapping-letters possible. 
For example, if there is a Couple-Name that has 2 overlapping-letters, don't show others that have less than 2 overlapping-letters.

Formatting:
➤ A Couple-Name has only the first letter capitalized, regardless of the capitalization in the individual names.
➤ Where there are multiple options, list them alphabetically on the same line separated by spaces.
➤ If no options, print NONE

Sorry I can't help more, but Keanu Reeves and I are headed out on some excellent "Lisanu" adventures, on a luxury yacht.
And later Eddie Jacobson and I (“Eddisa”) will have a Big Night Out on the Gold Coast

Input
Line 1: An integer n, denoting the number of couples
Line 2: n couples, in the format of name1 (which is always a single word) and name2 (which is always a single word) 
and then sometimes a last name or other extra information just as FYI, in case you need it for your Tabloid story.
(name1 and name2 -- which are ALWAYS the 1st word and 3rd word in the input string -- is all you use to make the Couple-Name)

Output
n lines: Couple-Names for each couple: name1 plus name2 = alphabetized list of Couple-Names separated by spaces, or NONE

Constraints
Names do not have anything other than letters.
