https://www.codingame.com/contribute/view/10495594a03aa6dd3555d16eceadf8956657c5

Goal
Grains of sand are being dropped inside a box. The goal is to display the resulting box content after all grains stopped falling.

Each grain of sand is represented by an alphabetical character: a-z or A-Z.

While falling, each grain follows simple rules:
If there is an empty space below it, it falls directly down.
If there is not an empty space directly below it, but there is space at either diagonally adjacent position below (left or right, see the next two rules), then it will move horizontally in that direction before falling down again.
If it is a lowercase character, it first tries to fall down, then towards the right, and then towards the left.
If it is an uppercase character, it first tries to fall down, then towards the left, and then towards the right.
If it can't fall down (below, to the right, or to the left) it has reached its final position.
If its final position is above the box, the box overflows and you must output OVERFLOW.

Example

With this input:
5 3
6
a 2
b 2
c 2
d 2
e 2
F 2

After a 2 we get ('x's are only here for explanation purposes):
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxaxx

After b 2, 'b' couldn't go on 'a', so it tried right of 'a' (because 'b' is lowercase) and found empty space:
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxabx

After c 2, 'c' couldn't go on 'a', tried right but couldn't go on 'b', so tried left and found empty space:
xxxxx
xxxxx
xcabx

After d 2, 'd' couldn't go on 'a', tried right but couldn't go on 'b', tried left but couldn't go on 'c', so reached its final position:

xxxxx
xxdxx
xcabx

After e 2, 'e' couldn't go on 'd', found empty space right of 'd', kept falling, couldn't go on 'b', found empty space right of 'b':
xxxxx
xxdxx
xcabe

After F 2, 'F' couldn't go on 'd', found empty space left of 'd', kept falling, couldn't go on 'c', found empty space left of 'c':
xxxxx
xxdxx
Fcabe

Input
Line 1: Two integers w and h representing the width and height of the box.
Line 2: n: the number of grains of sand that will fall.
Next n lines: The character s representing the grain of sand followed by its initial position p above the box, separated by a space. p = 0 if it is above the left edge of the box, and p = w - 1 if it is above the right edge of the box.

Output
h lines: the content of the box - any unoccupied space of the box should be filled with the space character, which should not be removed in the output - or OVERFLOW if at least one grain of sand can't fall into the box.

Constraints
2 <= w, h <= 30
0 < n <= 1000
0 <= p < w
