https://www.codingame.com/training/hard/there-is-no-spoon-episode-2

The Goal
The game is played on a rectangular grid with a given size. Some cells contain nodes with a number on them from 1 to 8 inclusive. This number represents the amount of links the node should have with neighboring nodes. The rest of the cells are empty.

The goal is to connect all of the nodes by printing a list of links.

 Rules
The links must follow certain criteria:

    They must begin and end at distinct nodes.
    They must either be horizontal or vertical (in a straight line).
    They must not cross any other links or nodes.
    At most two links connect a pair of nodes.
    The number of links connected to each node must match the number on that node.
    The links must connect all the nodes into a single connected group.


You lose if:

    You try to place three or more links between two nodes.
    You try to place a link which crosses another link or a node to which it is not connected.
    You try to place a link which causes a node to have a greater number of links than the amount of links it displays.
    Your solution does not reach the amount of optimal links for each node.
    Your solution creates two or more isolated groups of nodes.
    Your program does not link nodes fast enough (timeout).

Game Input
The program must first read the initialization data from standard input. Then, provide to the standard output one line per instruction

Input

Line 1: one integer width for the number of cells along the x axis.

Line 2: one integer height for the number of cells along the y axis.

Next height lines: A string line containing width characters. A dot . represents an empty cell. A number from 1 to 8 represents a cell containing a node. The number is the amount of links the node must have.

Output
One line per link or couple of links. Each line is comprised of five integers: x1 y1 x2 y2 amount to add amount links between two nodes at coordinates (x1,y1) and (x2,y2).

Constraints
0 < width ≤ 30
0 < height ≤ 30
0 ≤ x1 , x2 < width
0 ≤ y1 , y2 < height
1 ≤ amount ≤ 2
Alloted response time to first output line ≤ 1s.
Response time between two output lines ≤ 100ms
